1/23/19
Held over discord
Discussed Progress and General Updates
	At the time of this meeting we had not yet heard from Bassam about a meeting.
	The API backend was finished
Discussed things we still needed to do
	Update the Kanban board
	Add the Material Instances page
	Add the Material Types page
	Make a mockup
Discussed the presentation for next week
	Ryan was put in charge
Get everyone on the same page as far as IDEâ€™s go
	PyCharm was our choice
